docs(service-worker): improve service worker guides (#43508)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/app-shell.md

ng run my-app:app-shell:production
</code-example>

> To verify the build output, open dist/my-app/bro<span>wser</span>/index.html</code>. Look for default text `app-shell works!` to show that the application shell route was rendered as part of the output.

Author: This is works fine, but there must most likely be a better solution here, what I needed to do was so break the automatic link generated for the browser which is just plain wrong (and redirects to the totally unrelated animations api)

![Screenshot at 2021-09-18 21-40-22](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61631103/133908045-4a7270c0-a57c-49a3-b6e6-a9cc47f014cd.png)

> To verify the build output, open dist/my-app/bro<span>wser</span>/index.html</code>. Look for default text `app-shell works!` to show that the application shell route was rendered as part of the output.

Reviewer: Good catch!

You can use the [no-auto-link][1] class:
```suggestion
To verify the build output, open <code class="no-auto-link">dist/my-app/browser/index.html</code>. Look for default text `app-shell works!` to show that the application shell route was rendered as part of the output.
```

[1]: https://angular.io/guide/docs-style-guide#auto-linking-in-code-snippets

Author: Thanks!
awesome, it's exactly what I needed! :heart_eyes::+1: 

sorry I could not find it by myself :sweat:
